[DOCS-1875] Update baseline and pinned runs docs for max # of pins (#2081)
wandb/docs: snippets/en/_includes/pinned-and-baseline-runs/pin-runs-condensed.mdx

> Pin up to 6 runs to keep them easily accessible at the top of your workspace. If you have a baseline run, you can pin up to 5 runs because the baseline uses a pinning slot. Pinned runs remain visible regardless of sorting or filtering applied to other runs. Pinned runs appear at the top of the run selector with a circular pin icon, separated from other runs by a visual divider.

Author: ```suggestion
Pin up to 6 runs to keep them easily accessible at the top of your workspace. If you have a baseline run, you can pin up to 5 runs because the baseline is implicitly pinned. Pinned runs remain visible regardless of sorting or filtering applied to other runs. Pinned runs appear at the top of the run selector with a circular pin icon, separated from other runs by a visual divider.
```
